# Agscuter-website-
 
AgScouter is a simple, easy to use app that allows both agronomist and growers to input, record and share agronomy details pertaining to field production of prairie agriculture.  It was designed by our in-field agronomists to be used by agronomists and growers.   There are 4 major components to the AgScouter App: Observations, Recommendations, Field Operations and Fertility. 
The observation section of AgScouter allows the agronomist to identify and record crop stage and variety, weeds, diseases, insects, and other hurdles they may encounter in field each time they are scouting.  The ease and ability to record the data after each visit, combined with the field history, allows the agronomist to make accurate and timely recommendations.  The recommendations are then shared with the grower side where he/she can initiate the process and complete the task assigned by the agronomist.  AgScouter streamlines the data sharing, allowing the grower to complete the operation in a timely manner in an area Mother Nature ultimately has control.  The ability of AgScouter to connect the agronomist’s observation and recommendation to the grower ensures optimum productivity on each acre.  This innovative piece of technology also contains a fertility and soil testing component, further allowing the agronomist to have all the tools necessary to soil sample and recommend the sustainable amount of nutrients based on the soil health and fertility examined.  AgScouter is a complete tool for the agronomist and grower to maximize productivity and efficiency across their farm.
https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL1Wy5Mbvwx_YEbK5yaRxt_jBmzFmzxq7X
